[IMP] sales: invoicing policy doc for RST reasons (#4465)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/sales/invoicing/invoicing_policy.rst

Different business policies might require different options for invoicing:

- The *Invoice what is ordered* rule is used as the default mode in Odoo *Sales*, which means
  customers are invoiced once the sales order is confirmed.

> - The *Invoice what is delivered* rule invoices customers once the delivery is done. This rule
>   is often used for businesses that sell materials, liquids, or food in large quantities. In these

Reviewer: Early line break
```suggestion
- The *Invoice what is delivered* rule invoices customers once the delivery is done. This rule is
  often used for businesses that sell materials, liquids, or food in large quantities. In these
```

>   concerns businesses that sell materials, liquids, or food in large quantities. In these cases,
>   the quantity might diverge a little bit, and it is, therefore, preferable to invoice the quantity

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
is often used for businesses that sell materials, liquids, or food in large quantities. In these cases,
the ordered quantity may differ from the delivered quantity, making it preferable to invoice the quantity
```

  invoice the quantity actually delivered.

Being able to have different invoicing options provides more flexibility.

Invoicing policy features
=========================

To activate the necessary invoicing policy features, go to :menuselection:`Sales app -->
Configuration --> Settings`, and under the :guilabel:`Invoicing` heading, select an

> :guilabel:`Invoicing Policy` rule: :guilabel:`Invoice what is ordered` or
> :guilabel:`Invoice what is delivered`.

Reviewer: Early line break
```suggestion
:guilabel:`Invoicing Policy` rule: :guilabel:`Invoice what is ordered` or :guilabel:`Invoice what is
delivered`.
```

.. image:: invoicing_policy/invoicing-policy-setting.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: How to choose your invoicing policy on Odoo Sales.

Reviewer: Corrected alt text
```suggestion
   :alt: Choosing an invoicing policy on Odoo Sales.
```

.. important::

>    If you decide to choose the :guilabel:`Invoice what is delivered` rule, the :guilabel:`Automatic
>    invoice` feature can **not** be activated, which automatically generates invoices when an online
>    payment is confirmed.

Reviewer 2: I think this rewrite improves the clarity. I also removed an instance of "you".
```suggestion
   If the :guilabel:`Invoice what is delivered` rule is chosen, it is **not** possible to activate the :guilabel:`Automatic
   invoice` feature, which automatically generates invoices when an online
   payment is confirmed.
```

Invoicing policy on product form
================================

> From any product page (:menuselection:`Sales app --> Products --> Products --> Choose any desired
> product), the invoicing policy option is located under the :guilabel:`General Information` tab, and
> it can be changed manually.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On any product page (:menuselection:`Sales app --> Products --> Products --> Choose any desired
product), the invoicing policy option is located under the :guilabel:`General Information` tab, where
it can be changed manually.
```

> product), the invoicing policy option is located under the :guilabel:`General Information` tab,
> where it can be changed manually.

Reviewer: Adding gui since were referring to the field in the instruction
```suggestion
product), the :guilabel:`Invoicing Policy` option is located under the :guilabel:`General
Information` tab, where it can be changed manually.
```

.. image:: invoicing_policy/invoicing-policy-general-info-tab.png
   :align: center
   :alt: How to change your invoicing policy on a product form on Odoo Sales.

Impact on sales flow
====================

In Odoo *Sales*, the basic sales flow starts with the creation of a quotation. Then, that quotation
is sent a customer. Next, it needs to be confirmed, which turns the quotation into a sales order.
This, in turn, creates an invoice.

The following is a breakdown of how invoicing policy rules impact the aforementioned sales flow:

- :guilabel:`Invoice what is ordered`: No impact on the basic sales flow. An invoice is created as
  soon as a sale is confirmed.

- :guilabel:`Invoice what is delivered`: Minor impact on sales flow, because the delivered quantity

>   needs to be manually entered on the sales order. Or, the *Inventory* app can be installed, and
>   used to confirm the delivered quantity before creating an invoice with the *Sales* app. If an
>   invoice is attempted to be created, without validating the delivered quantity, the following

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  needs to be manually entered on the sales order. Or, the *Inventory* app can be installed and
  used to confirm the delivered quantity before creating an invoice with the *Sales* app. If a user attempts to create an invoice without validating the delivered quantity, the following
```

> - :guilabel:`Invoice what is delivered`: Minor impact on sales flow, because the delivered quantity
>   needs to be manually entered on the sales order. Or, the *Inventory* app can be installed and used
>   to confirm the delivered quantity before creating an invoice with the *Sales* app. If a user
>   attempts to create an invoice without validating the delivered quantity, the following error
>   message appears.
> 
>   .. image:: invoicing_policy/invoicing-policy-error-message.png
>      :align: center
>      :alt: How the choice of your invoicing policy impacts your sales flow on Odoo Sales.

Reviewer: This text is relying too much on the image for context, and the alt text for the image does not explain the text in the image.

To resolve this, add the text in the image somewhere to the bullet point OR use an admonition to highlight the warning– with the admonition the image may not even be necessary 🙂
```suggestion
**- :guilabel:`Invoice what is delivered`: Minor impact on sales flow, because the delivered quantity
  needs to be manually entered on the sales order. Or, the *Inventory* app can be installed and used
  to confirm the delivered quantity before creating an invoice with the *Sales* app.

  .. warning::
     If a user attempts to create an invoice without validating the delivered quantity, the
     following error message appears: "There is no invoiceable line. If a product has a Delivered
     quantities invoicing policy, please make sure that a quantity has been delivered".

     .. image:: invoicing_policy/invoicing-policy-error-message.png
        :align: center
        :alt: There is no invoiceable line. If a product has a Delivered quantities invoicing
              policy, please make sure that a quantity has been delivered.**
```

.. note::

>    Once a quotation is confirmed, and the status changes from :guilabel:`Quotation sent` to
>    :guilabel:`Sales order`, the delivered and invoiced quantities are available to view, directly

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Once a quotation is confirmed and changes to a Sales Order, the delivered and invoiced quantities are available to view directly
```

   from the sales order. This is true for both invoicing policy rule options.

   .. image:: invoicing_policy/invoicing-policy-order-lines.png
      :align: center
      :alt: How to see your delivered and invoiced quantities on Odoo Sales.

   Odoo automatically adds the quantities to the invoice, even if it's a partial delivery.

> Finally, to create an invoice, there are different options to choose from: *Regular invoice* or

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Finally, there are two options for creating an invoice: *Regular invoice* or
```

> Finally, there are two different options to create an invoice: *Regular invoice* or *Down payment
> (percentage or fixed amount)*.

Reviewer: I feel these should be written as they are in the UI with guilabels, but I think the way you wrote it would also work just with lowercase in the italics
```suggestion
Finally, there are a few different options to create an invoice: :guilabel:`Regular invoice`,
:guilabel:`Down payment (percentage)` or :guilabel:`Down payment (fixed amount)`.
```

.. important::

>    Be sure to check out the documentation explaining down payment options:
>    :doc:`/applications/sales/sales/invoicing/down_payment` to learn more.

Reviewer 2: You could also just hyperlink the first mention of "down payment".
```suggestion
   Be sure to check out the documentation explaining down payment options to learn more:
   :doc:`/applications/sales/sales/invoicing/down_payment`.
```

>    Be sure to check out the documentation explaining down payment options to learn more:
>    :doc:`/applications/sales/sales/invoicing/down_payment` to learn more.

Reviewer: Remove redundant words
```suggestion
   Be sure to check out the documentation explaining down payment options to learn more:
   :doc:`/applications/sales/sales/invoicing/down_payment`.
```

  needs to be manually entered on the sales order. Or, the *Inventory* app can be installed and used
  to confirm the delivered quantity before creating an invoice with the *Sales* app.

.. warning::
   If a user attempts to create an invoice without validating the delivered quantity, the following
   error message appears: :guilabel:`There is no invoiceable line. If a product has a Delivered
   quantities invoicing policy, please make sure that a quantity has been delivered.`.

  .. image:: invoicing_policy/invoicing-policy-error-message.png
     :align: center
     :alt: If Delivered Quantities invoicing policy is chosen, ensure a quantity has been delivered.

.. note::
   Once a quotation is confirmed, and the status changes from :guilabel:`Quotation sent` to
   :guilabel:`Sales order`, the delivered and invoiced quantities are available to view, directly
   from the sales order. This is true for both invoicing policy rule options.

   .. image:: invoicing_policy/invoicing-policy-order-lines.png
      :align: center
      :alt: How to see your delivered and invoiced quantities on Odoo Sales.

>    Odoo automatically adds the quantities to the invoice, even if it's a partial delivery.

Reviewer 3: It's unclear which "quantities" this sentence is referring to. The delivered or invoiced quantities? When does this happen?

Different business policies might require different options for invoicing:

- The *Invoice what is ordered* rule is used as the default mode in Odoo *Sales*, which means
  customers are invoiced once the sales order is confirmed.
- The *Invoice what is delivered* rule invoices customers once the delivery is done. This rule is
  often used for businesses that sell materials, liquids, or food in large quantities. In these
  cases, the ordered quantity may differ slightly from the delivered quantity, making it preferable
  to invoice the quantity actually delivered.

Being able to have different invoicing options provides more flexibility.

Invoicing policy features
=========================

To activate the necessary invoicing policy features, go to :menuselection:`Sales app -->
Configuration --> Settings`, and under the :guilabel:`Invoicing` heading, select an
:guilabel:`Invoicing Policy` rule: :guilabel:`Invoice what is ordered` or :guilabel:`Invoice what is
delivered`.

> .. image:: invoicing_policy/invoicing-policy-setting.png

Reviewer 4: can expand the view here to show other UI elements.

   :align: center
   :alt: Choosing an invoicing policy on Odoo Sales.

.. important::
   If the :guilabel:`Invoice what is delivered` rule is chosen, it is **not** possible to activate
   the :guilabel:`Automatic Invoice` feature, which automatically generates invoices when an online
   payment is confirmed.

Invoicing policy on product form
================================

> On any product page (:menuselection:`Sales app --> Products --> Products --> Choose any desired
> product`), the :guilabel:`Invoicing Policy` option is located under the :guilabel:`General

Reviewer 4: Creative use of menuselection 😄  
Here's my suggestion to fit a more typical use case for this tag.

```suggestion
On any product page via the :menuselection:`Sales app --> Products --> Products dashboard, locate the :guilabel:`Invoicing Policy` option located under the :guilabel:`General
```

Information` tab. It can be changed manually using the drop-down menu.

> .. image:: invoicing_policy/invoicing-policy-general-info-tab.png

Reviewer 4: prefer red rectangles in most cases, since arrows add visual noise to the screenshot

   :align: center
   :alt: How to change your invoicing policy on a product form on Odoo Sales.

Impact on sales flow
====================

In Odoo *Sales*, the basic sales flow starts with the creation of a quotation. Then, that quotation
is sent to a customer. Next, it needs to be confirmed, which turns the quotation into a sales order.
This, in turn, creates an invoice.

The following is a breakdown of how invoicing policy rules impact the aforementioned sales flow:

- :guilabel:`Invoice what is ordered`: No impact on the basic sales flow. An invoice is created as
  soon as a sale is confirmed.
- :guilabel:`Invoice what is delivered`: Minor impact on sales flow, because the delivered quantity
  needs to be manually entered on the sales order. Or, the *Inventory* app can be installed and used
  to confirm the delivered quantity before creating an invoice with the *Sales* app.

.. warning::
   If a user attempts to create an invoice without validating the delivered quantity, the following
   error message appears: :guilabel:`There is no invoiceable line. If a product has a Delivered
   quantities invoicing policy, please make sure that a quantity has been delivered.`

>   .. image:: invoicing_policy/invoicing-policy-error-message.png
>      :align: center
>      :alt: If Delivered Quantities invoicing policy is chosen, ensure a quantity has been delivered.

Reviewer: Small change– indent image by one more space :)
```suggestion
   .. image:: invoicing_policy/invoicing-policy-error-message.png
      :align: center
      :alt: If Delivered Quantities invoicing policy is chosen, ensure a quantity has been
            delivered.
```

.. note::
   Once a quotation is confirmed, and the status changes from :guilabel:`Quotation sent` to
   :guilabel:`Sales order`, the delivered and invoiced quantities are available to view, directly
   from the sales order. This is true for both invoicing policy rule options.

   .. image:: invoicing_policy/invoicing-policy-order-lines.png
      :align: center
      :alt: How to see your delivered and invoiced quantities on Odoo Sales.

   Odoo automatically adds the quantities to the invoice, both :guilabel:`Delivered` and
   :guilabel:`Invoiced`, even if it's a partial delivery, when the quotation is confirmed.

Finally, there are a few different options to create an invoice: :guilabel:`Regular invoice`,

> :guilabel:`Down payment (percentage)` or :guilabel:`Down payment (fixed amount)`.

Reviewer 4: more info here or seealso links to relevant documentation?

> .. important::

Reviewer 4: seealso tag

Different business policies might require different options for invoicing:

- The *Invoice what is ordered* rule is used as the default mode in Odoo *Sales*, which means
  customers are invoiced once the sales order is confirmed.

> 

Reviewer: Can remove extra line– no need for an extra line between bullet points of the same level :)
```suggestion
```

   If the :guilabel:`Invoice what is delivered` rule is chosen, it is **not** possible to activate
   the :guilabel:`Automatic invoice` feature, which automatically generates invoices when an online
   payment is confirmed.

Invoicing policy on product form
================================

On any product page (:menuselection:`Sales app --> Products --> Products --> Choose any desired
product), the :guilabel:`Invoicing Policy` option is located under the :guilabel:`General
Information` tab, where it can be changed manually.

.. image:: invoicing_policy/invoicing-policy-general-info-tab.png
   :align: center
   :alt: How to change your invoicing policy on a product form on Odoo Sales.

Impact on sales flow
====================

In Odoo *Sales*, the basic sales flow starts with the creation of a quotation. Then, that quotation
is sent a customer. Next, it needs to be confirmed, which turns the quotation into a sales order.
This, in turn, creates an invoice.

The following is a breakdown of how invoicing policy rules impact the aforementioned sales flow:

- :guilabel:`Invoice what is ordered`: No impact on the basic sales flow. An invoice is created as
  soon as a sale is confirmed.

> 

Reviewer: Remove extra line
```suggestion
```

- :guilabel:`Invoice what is delivered`: Minor impact on sales flow, because the delivered quantity
  needs to be manually entered on the sales order. Or, the *Inventory* app can be installed and used
  to confirm the delivered quantity before creating an invoice with the *Sales* app.

.. warning::
   If a user attempts to create an invoice without validating the delivered quantity, the following

>    error message appears: "There is no invoiceable line. If a product has a Delivered quantities
>    invoicing policy, please make sure that a quantity has been delivered."

Reviewer: This is text that appears in the UI, so it deserves a guilabel. I think you could include the double quotes if you wanted too 🙂
```suggestion
   error message appears: :guilabel:`There is no invoiceable line. If a product has a Delivered
   quantities invoicing policy, please make sure that a quantity has been delivered.`.
```
